generators/loco/files/README.md, before:

# Welcome to Loco :train:

Loco is a web and API framework running on Rust.

This is the **SaaS starter** which includes a `User` model and authentication based on JWT.
It also include configuration sections that help you pick either a frontend or a server-side template set up for your fullstack server.


## Quick Start

You need:

* A local postgres instance
* A local Redis instance

Check out your development [configuration](config/development.yaml).

> To configure a database , please run a local postgres database with <code>loco:loco</code> and a db named <code>[app name]_development.</code>: 
<code>docker run -d -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_USER=loco -e POSTGRES_DB=[app name]_development -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD="loco" postgres:15.3-alpine</code>

Now start your app:

```
$ cargo loco start
Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 21.63s
    Running `target/debug/myapp start`

    :
    :
    :

controller/app_routes.rs:203: [Middleware] Adding log trace id

                      ▄     ▀
                                 ▀  ▄
                  ▄       ▀     ▄  ▄ ▄▀
                                    ▄ ▀▄▄
                        ▄     ▀    ▀  ▀▄▀█▄
                                          ▀█▄
▄▄▄▄▄▄▄  ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄   ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ ▀▀█
 ██████  █████   ███ █████   ███ █████   ███ ▀█
 ██████  █████   ███ █████   ▀▀▀ █████   ███ ▄█▄
 ██████  █████   ███ █████       █████   ███ ████▄
 ██████  █████   ███ █████   ▄▄▄ █████   ███ █████
 ██████  █████   ███  ████   ███ █████   ███ ████▀
   ▀▀▀██▄ ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀  ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀  ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀ ██▀
       ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀

started on port 5150
```

## Full Stack Serving

You can check your [configuration](config/development.yaml) to pick either frontend setup or server-side rendered template, and activate the relevant configuration sections.


## Getting help

Check out [a quick tour](https://loco.rs/docs/getting-started/tour/) or [the complete guide](https://loco.rs/docs/getting-started/guide/).

Commit message:

add actix-web generator (#9)
* feat: create actix generator

* fix main

* add migration scripts in seaorm generator

* separate seaorm from actix-web

* add redis in main of actix

* add opentelemetry and redis

* fix spring-rs

* fix loco-rs generator

* add migration templates

* fix migration, m2m-entity and arrayinput in react admin

* generator react-admin: default value in relations

* add enum generation in entity

* Update lib.rs

fmt

* Create config.toml

* Update build.yml

generators/loco/files/README.md, after:

# Welcome to Loco :train:

[Loco](https://loco.rs) is a web and API framework running on Rust.

This is the **SaaS starter** which includes a `User` model and authentication based on JWT.
It also include configuration sections that help you pick either a frontend or a server-side template set up for your fullstack server.


## Quick Start

```sh
cargo loco start
```

```sh
$ cargo loco start
Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 21.63s
    Running `target/debug/myapp start`

    :
    :
    :

controller/app_routes.rs:203: [Middleware] Adding log trace id

                      ▄     ▀
                                 ▀  ▄
                  ▄       ▀     ▄  ▄ ▄▀
                                    ▄ ▀▄▄
                        ▄     ▀    ▀  ▀▄▀█▄
                                          ▀█▄
▄▄▄▄▄▄▄  ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄   ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ ▀▀█
 ██████  █████   ███ █████   ███ █████   ███ ▀█
 ██████  █████   ███ █████   ▀▀▀ █████   ███ ▄█▄
 ██████  █████   ███ █████       █████   ███ ████▄
 ██████  █████   ███ █████   ▄▄▄ █████   ███ █████
 ██████  █████   ███  ████   ███ █████   ███ ████▀
   ▀▀▀██▄ ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀  ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀  ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀ ██▀
       ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀
                https://loco.rs

environment: development
   database: automigrate
     logger: debug
compilation: debug
      modes: server

listening on http://localhost:5150
```

## Full Stack Serving

You can check your [configuration](config/development.yaml) to pick either frontend setup or server-side rendered template, and activate the relevant configuration sections.


## Getting help

Check out [a quick tour](https://loco.rs/docs/getting-started/tour/) or [the complete guide](https://loco.rs/docs/getting-started/guide/).
